yo what's going on guys this is the 4th
gen gamer bring you guys the final video
related to the alpha sapphire egg log
little bonus video I guess you could
call it the egg hatching video and I'm
gonna do this sort of like a grinding
montage format it's not grinding but
just you know how a grinding montage
would be all sped up with music all that
fun stuff
however I haven't finished recording I
realized that only like the first five
ish minutes and the last five ish
minutes recorded it was beautiful I
already saved the game and I'm sitting
here like holy fuck only the beginning
of the end recorded so a decent manager
recorded not a lot of it though I mean
whatever anyway so I'm gonna show both
of those parts you're gonna see kind of
like flash and no it's gonna cut through
a random part that's because that's the
beginning and then the end but anyway
regardless it's kind of unfair to you
guys since you had sent in the eggs so I
am going to go ahead and just kind of
scroll through the PC at the end and
just show you guys all the eggs that
were hatched in case you you know missed
it or whatever and you know if it just
was cut off by the recording so I
apologize for that nothing I can do
already save the game the eggs already
hatched
so I can't do anything about that which
sucks but anyway yes that's about it
thank you so much for watching the
series it's been amazing I'm not gonna
be fed to the ground
I already did in the finale and the
channel update video from yesterday so
yeah hey you guys for watching I'll see
you in the next video